hey what's up guys
today I'll show you a science fiction comedy film, "Idiocracy"
spoiler ahead, watch out and take care
someday in the future, while technologies for mass production are developed at top speed
and reach their peak
human civilization however, evolves in the opposite direction
facing no competition for food and other resources
people change their mindset towards reproduction gradually
those elites who get high IQs tend to have fewer kids or even no kids
on the contrary, those with IQs below the average
tend to have more kids without any birth control
such population pattern continues for hundreds of years
Joe works as a librarian at a military base
labeled as the most average individual in the entire armed forces
he's lucky enough to be chosen to join the first so-called human hibernation project
for the only reason that he lives alone without any family members
because of that, no one would care for him and hold the army for responsibility
even if the project proves to be a failure sometime in the future
Rita who's a notorious street prostitute and also has no family member
decides to join the first experiment
believing it's a good way to escape the exploitation by her pimp boyfriend
who would rather give her up in exchange for a legal permit to his procuring business
issued by the project Chief
Joe and Rita are brought into the hibernation chambers
and begin their hibernation journey originally set to someday of one year later
not long after that however, the experiment project is suspended
for the business scandal between the project Chief and the pimp guy
is exposed to the public
due to the scandal, the Chief is arrested with his hibernation project abandoned
the experiment chambers are just left forgotten since then
while Joe and Rita are buried underground for their long dormancy
meanwhile, on the ground, humanity is under dramatic change
as the number of uncivilized population surges to its record high
the population average IQ level is on the fall continuously
ironically to a point where humans could not produce enough products
to support their basic demands
what's more, they don't even know how to get rid of their wastes and trashes
resulting in the piling-up of numerous trash mountains in the city
someday in 2025, a huge trash-mountain slide happens and almost crushes the whole city
which ironically happens to unearth the buried hibernation chamber
and causes Joe to awaken up in the apartment of the stupid Bob
who's smart enough to figure out a real trespasser
and kicks Joe out right away onto the street
shocked by the modern world full of trashes though
Joe soon realizes that people living in the present
speak extremely bad English, probably far more broken than this channel
Joe begins to doubt himself a little bit however
soon after he learns that his English actually sounds ridiculous to the locals
still confused a ton by the surroundings
Joe tries to comfort himself from the chaos for some kind of hallucination reason
so he finds his way to a local hospital for a mental health check
but only to get astonished by the insane hospital
where the doctor seems insanely stupid, and needs be sent for a mental check instead
while feeling lost by the stupid crowd
he becomes to know from the newspaper that he is in a future world of 500 years later
as he looks through the window, he's shocked again by the totally-mess-up city
after the health check, Joe is asked to pay the bill
however, upon discovering that Joe bears no mandatory ID bar code on his hand
the doctor triggers the security alarm immediately
attempting to catch such an unbelievably insane patient and report to the government
In a great panic, Joe rushes out of the hospital
when back to the street, rather than a hallucination
Joe realizes the stupids have completely taken over the whole world
people are starving and struggling through the trash
and the economic engine seems to have long since powered off
in the evening, as Joe is searching the auto-seller machine for food
the police show up in seconds and take control of him
he's later brought to the local court, presumably a serious place for law and order
which however, turns to be a pretty damned good place
for verbal and physical abuse on the suspect
in despair of the abusing audience though
Joe gets more desperate to find his defense lawyer is actually the stupid Bob
who just kicked him the other day
trying hard to defend himself before the stupid jury though
as expected, Joe is sentenced guilty for his behavior
as a routine procedure, Joe is taken to the IQ test
before he is later sent into the prison
where however, with his slightly smart trick played to the prison guard
Joe easily frees himself and flees out
in the escape, Joe finds the stupid lawyer Bob
and asks him whether there is some kind of time machine
that can make him travel back to the past
Bob pauses for a while long enough for him to understand the word "time machine"
before he finally admits that he may know a "thing"
Joe further tricks Bob to believe that the time machine
is actually the money-making machine
which motivates Bob to use his brain to do him the favor
but at that time, they both have to run out of the apartment
as the police approach near and break in
in the following escape, Joe happens to find the street girl Rita on the damned right street
who's just awakened from the dormancy chamber and wandering there
intending to remake her old business with such IQ-counter-high, but hormone-low idiots
but to no avail
with no better place to go, Rita joins them on the run
Joe is spotted out soon by the monitor
what's worse, they have to abandon the car running out of gas
and find shelter somewhere else
before they walk far away, the police approach the car
and open fire at it immediately
which cheers up the beholders
Joe and Rita later follow Bob to a building
waiting for the subway
the automatic scanning detects Joe
he insists on going with Rita
but misses the chance to get away with Bob
leading to his being confined by the police
moments later, instead of being sent back to the prison this time
Joe is taken to the White House instead
where to his surprise, the President gives him a warm welcome
and nominates him as the Minister
that's because people get to know from his former IQ test
that Joe is actually the one with the highest IQs remaining on this planet
he is treated as a savior to this country of fools right now
but in exchange, Joe is demanded to solve the food shortage
seemingly the current most emergent issue burning their ass
with no choice, Joe has to take the mission first
but he never stops his plan to run away
he finds the stupid Bob later and pushes him to continue his effort in the time machine
he also finds the street girl Rita from the street
and holds a secret talk with her in a research field
he instructs Rita to locate the time machine with a road map given by Bob
but only finds that it's a stupid road map impossible for people with average IQ to read
because of that, they have to give up the escape plan
on their way back from the research mission however
Joe happens to find the vegetables are actually watered with soft drinks
which would definitely impede the growth of plants
to Joe's shock, the soft drinks have been sold everywhere as pure water for all industries
due to the lobby of the monopoly company
who has bought off the government officials and even the reporters
Joe proposes that the plant shall be grown with pure water
but gets refused by all other stupid ministers
who are smart enough to figure out pure water is not their taste
Joe then changes his strategy by lying that he can actually talk to the plants
and the plants beg humans for fresh water
in that way, Joe gets his proposal approved immediately
not long after that however
such a proposal causes the soft drink company to suffer a great loss
and a huge drop of its stock price in the stock market
which in return, makes half of its employees lose their jobs
the rampaging demonstrators soon surround the White House
under huge pressure, the President has to send Joe to prison
believing that he's a liar
Joe is later sent to the public arena as a punishment
all other racers, bore with low IQs though
are well armed with powerful weapons and deadly monsters
in contrast, Joe is given only a shabby car
despite that, he manages to beat them down with his high IQs
the following rival is a stupid but tough guy holding a more powerful weapon
without any weapons to fight back, Joe has to run and hide
while trying to make the audience believe what he did is right
but to no avail
fortunately, at the critical moment
the fighting is interrupted by a live stream on the big screen
which shows some vegetable seeds start to sprout out of the dirt
it's shown that the live stream is made by Rita and Bob
who pay a camera guy to film the sprouts
and distract the broadcasting guy away with hormone
allowing her to connect the live stream successfully to the big screen
upon seeing the green sprouts
the whole silent audience become to exclaim and applaud for Joe and his success
the excited President announces to free Joe right away
and decides to promote him to be the Deputy President
Joe however, still hopes to travel back to his world with the time machine
but eventually, he decides to settle down with Rita in such a world of fools
after he's desperate to know that the time machine found by the stupid Bob at last
is actually an amusement park named "time masheen"
at the end of the story, Joe, as the man with highest IQs on this planet
solves many fundamental survival issues for all the stupid citizens
later he becomes the President of the United States
and forms a family with the street girl Rita
who gives birth to three kids with the highest IQs
in contrast, the stupid lawyer Bob forms his family later
but like many other stupid peers, he mass-produces 32 kids
to be worse, all with the lowest IQs
seemingly conveying a message that nothing on this planet will be changed in the future
this's Daniel CC movie channel, Bye